README
------
Live URLs is a novel approach, which uses URI fragment identifiers
smartly, to enable HTTP clients to address and process content,
independent of its original representation. LiveURLs was an idea
conceptualized by InfyLUG as part of its research on internet and web
technologies.

The LiveURLs extension allows users to create links to any portion of a
web page. The extension allows users to exchange portions of webpages
using links. The user only needs to select the content that he wants to
share and create a URL(link) for that content from the context menu (the
menu that pops up on a right-click). This newly created URL/link when
viewed with a browser, which has the LiveURL extension installed, will
show the selected content with a highlight. The URLs created using this
extension are called LiveURLs.

There are two types of LiveURLs based on location semantics

    * Content Location - Reflects the content that was selected
    * Position Location - Reflects the position of the content on the page 

Benefits of using LiveURLs
--------------------------
    * Sharing specific content is just a right click away
    * Peer-Peer - no intermediate server required
    * Usable in the same manner as existing URLs
    * Browsers which do not support LiveURLs still show the whole page
    * LiveURLs can be used as a bookmark within a web page 

Notes for Developers
--------------------
As any OpenSource project we encourage open discussion and further
idea's on the LiveURL's concept.  We also understand that the
implementation details need to be standardized for larger adoption.  We
look forward for support from the OpenSource community for making this a
standard for HTTP clients.

Notes to Users
--------------
The implementation details behind LiveURL's are not W3C Standards.  Also
development on this concept takes place at a rather rapid rate, hence
backward compatibility cannot be gauranteed.  We suggest you wait for a
standardized implementation of LiveURL's before using it as normal
URL's.

InfyLUG
-------
InfyLUG is the OpenSource community of Infosys.  It is a group of
volunteers who are enthusiastic and passionate about OpenSource
deployment.  InfyLUG helps Infoscions pursue their interests in
OpenSource RnD.  LiveURLs was conceptualized by InfyLUG in February,
2006 and a perfect example of a community project in a corporate world.
InfyLUG would be presenting this concept at the 15th International World
Wide Web conference at Edinburgh
http://www2006.org/programme/paper.php?id=p156.

References
----------
1. Ahoy : http://dev.lophty.com/ahoy/article.htm
2. Scrapbook Extension: http://amb.vis.ne.jp/mozilla/scrapbook/
3. PNG-CRC : http://www.w3.org/TR/PNG-CRCAppendix.html

License
-------
All code packaged under this Firefox extension is licensed under the GPL
v2.0.  See the COPYING file for the full License Text.

